# NFig 3.0 Changes

## Breaking Changes

#### NFigAsyncStore merged into NFigStore

To simplify `NFigAsyncStore` has been removed. `NFigStore` now has both synchronous and asynchronous methods. All of the async methods are abstract, so must be implemented by inherited classes. The synchronous methods are virtual, and the default implementations use [Task.Run](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.threading.tasks.task.run(v=vs.110).aspx) to simply call the async methods and wait on the result. If you're implementing a store based on a database driver with native support for synchronous calls, you should consider providing your own implementation of the sync methods.

#### Tier Cannot be Specified for Overrides

It doesn't make sense to set an override a different tier than the one you're currently on (e.g. trying to set a dev tier override via the prod tier). Unless you have more than one tier pointing to the same data store (e.g. dev and prod tiers sharing a Redis instance), which would be a very bad idea, then it wouldn't work anyway.

NFig.UI has never supported this. If anyone was using this functionality, it was most likely a mistake or bad practice. Therefore, the tier parameter has been removed from all override methods. Existing overrides will still work, but new overrides will always be considered part of the default "Any" tier.

#### GetSettingInfo Removed

`.GetSettingInfo()`, and its async counterpart, have been removed. You can use `GetAllSettingInfos()` and then filter down to the individual SettingInfo that you need.

#### Exceptions are no longer Generic

`InvalidSettingValueException` and `InvalidSettingOverridesException` no longer have type parameters. The `Tier` and `DataCenter` properties are also removed from `InvalidSettingValueException`. Tier is not applicable since it will always be the current tier of the application. DataCenter is still accessible in string form via `exception.Data["DataCenter"]`. The property was removed so that the exception types wouldn't need type arguments.

#### Store Implementation Changes

//

## New Features

#### Backup and Restore

//

#### Logging

//

#### Encrypted Settings

//



